they're ready gates are back they're
racing in the divider from the starter
caught them to a great line dovey out
wide the first to split it but he won't
stay in front very special opal tiara
rib Chester going forward Moo decay
Evans Iraq and not far off the places
they charge of the first bend then dovey
followed by decorated knight on the
inside of Mondial list he shim goes up
onto the rila link the Wade Long Island
Sound
on the outside of viv loss two and a
half to debt collector and Cougar
Mountain had dropped out to be the last
of all a length off the second-last
horses rip Chester hold the rail going
past the 1200 meters mark and rip
Chester showed the way by and neck
leaving a quarter behind in 26.3 rib
Chester joined on the outside by very
special who goes looking for the front
Moo decayeth is third two lengths off
the pace serac is fourth on the rail a
length away then is dovey on the outside
of opal tiara in the middle hisham on
the fence three-quarters of a length
Monty a list decorated Knights on the
rail followed by Long Island Sound viv
loss debt collector second last and
Cougar Mountain against the plastic last
of all the mayor's the leader there on
the bin for home five hundred and fifty
meters out very special showed the way
rip Chester came off the fence muda Kiev
is three deep the rack two lengths off
the pace behind them dovey to the
outside he shimmers winning his way
through rip Chester hit the front muta
KF going after him so racked back to the
inside but he shims the one he shim with
200 meters left to go raced off the RIP
Chester his viv loss for Japan zooming
down the outside viv loss finishing with
a withering run and viv loss has won the
debye turf from he shim and rip Chester
serac fourth muda KF has run fifth and
then decorated night Davey Cougar
Mountain Mondial list very special for
the back then was debt collector
followed by long
and sound and opal tiara has coming
along and distant last as Japan again
captures the debye turf the benign viv
loss has one ridden by the magic man
from a mile back
viv lusts as race to Hisham it looked
like it was going to be France three